Akhmat is the TikToker troops, you will say it to your face Akhmat no Asam alaikum glory to Russia Salam alaikum I am from Gudermes Chechnya Where are you from brother Alek Alam glory to Russia heroes Slava Where are you from man We are from Bryansk Bryansk o sam I have brothers Bryansk are defending now Bryansk I was in the Kursk region, Akhma knows from the regiment. Well, you know, those right here, here I am with you. Wait, wait, what, wait, don’t wait, but you say Akhmat is strong. Why did it happen that Akhmat is not really here at all? Akhmat was holding because the Russians No, they weren’t holding, buddy, here you know, I’ll tell you this from the beginning, you know, it’s not for nothing that people now say that Akhmat is a TikToker army, you’ll say it to your face Akhmat, no, I’ll tell you, it’s just people who come with theirs who come with Your number, give me your number, I was in the Kursk region Give number we will drive up to Bryansk Give the number no wait here you are we you may have been the number give the number the brothers will drive up to your face you will tell them Come on so they are not there now wait wait brothers sweat you personally under th In short so the whole Stream itself alaikum brothers alem bra alaikum you who is a Muslim mulma no Christian Yanya RussianRussian yes I am from Gudermes And where am you from Where are you from Where are you from Where are you from? The Chechen Republic is the public and the Chechens are the Chechens Come on nah Give And where are you from Where are you from C Russia bro and I understand Russia city kako re Moscow Moscow Moscow come Moscow or live there Moscow I live I live there I was born there yes there yes yes yes Moscow Yes I have many brothers Moscow have dis we have Moscow NOC there Moscow is And how old are you Yes I’m young 18 yes yes and why didn’t the Motherland go protect Why we Here I went Yes us ahma and we go Yes, you don’t need to call us, we ourselves come To defend Why don’t you go Russian? To defend not and defend I mean, Where are you now Gudermes Yes, we were in the Kursk region Yes, now Gurme is a Nazi again, well, they called you Where No we didn’t call us, he said that the homeland is in danger, we should come, we came ourselves. Why don’t you look, you’re a grown man and look around there in our Kursk region, guys for 18 years, conscripts held the defense for how old you are How old How old Yes No matter how long you have a friend Why don’t you you are going to defend your homeland Putin Vladimir Vladimiro call us You are not coming Why we Chechens, Dagestanis must defend Russia And you are sitting in Moscow Well, why ask yourself a question Why did you go because Russia needs to be protected from NATO insidiously from America wants to seize the under-ice time there are biological laboratories NATO laboratories NATO Well, you see bro Life is such a thing they will call me I will go The point is not to go if Well give me your number I will give Ramzan Akhmatovich there is a call they will call they will call us we don’t have enough people we don’t have enough people Russian people don’t go wait to be called Give me the number I'll tell you tomorrow they'll call you I'll tell you they'll call you who will call me tomorrow morning they'll call you they'll tell you this to your military registration and enlistment office and they'll call you again and they'll call you again What's the point? Well, you said that they'll call you and you'll go. That's exactly what you need, there aren't enough people, you need to be called If you ask for something like this they will call you tomorrow they will call you what what what last I’m saying that you don’t know the Russian language I’m saying to ask you to call you what to call what kind of warrior what to call him just look like you’re sitting here you’re sitting yes you’re judging people or something You can judge people Yes, because I was in the Kursk region, I’ve been there for the second year and we, ahma, we held the border for now. Why did they break through the border in Kursk because it was because there weren’t enough Chechens for the entire border and you’re Russian, you’re sitting in Moscow, you’re sitting drinking vodka instead of defending Kursk come on come on let's call the number tomorrow call tomorrow I'll write it down come on [laughter] mana Shima and your Akhmat and all of you Hello brother Great where are you from Russia I'm also from Russia Gudermes And you Gudermes is Chechnya Chechnya Chechen Republic of Ichkeria Gudermes of course And where are you from What is the city from Russia and Voronezh Voronezh there are brothers there Ours are in Voronezh Yes there is a lot of community good Voronezh city girls came there I was at a wedding but you can ask questions the Chechens ask a Russian can’t ask a Chechen a question You’re Russian and Russian right why not in your own Russian Why are we on our own ahma donn And you are not defending your homeland Listen, let’s say you’re sitting under what number you are, give me your number, I’ll call you now Give me your number, why give me your number, I’ll call you now, you called me, now they’ll give you a number, give me a similar number, give it here Now my brother will drive up to you in Voronezh and talk to you. No, give me the number, let me talk further. Give me the number. Give me the number here. What are you doing right now? Let me listen to my number. I gave you the number here. I’ll go to Voronezh. I need Russian now Voronezh Let's go tomorrow where my brother can go tell Dimitrov where exactly the address And what about those address sister address you sister call us I'm with you just hatred straight away to aggression, now let's do it Salaam Aleikum Hello I'm from Gudermes Where are you from Gudermes I'm from Russia Gudermes too Russia Yes, where are you from? From Russia from the Moscow region, I understand, but you are not Russian, too, this is Kazakh or Dagestan, not not a Tatar, Tatar, what a Tatar? non-believer Yes no, my parents were non-believers Yes, too, or you abandoned Yes, no one is a believer, neither my parents nor my grandfather, we don’t have any believers at all, seven of us are good Just like how I feel about him No way I’ve never seen him, no, I haven’t communicated in person, I don’t know what kind of person he is therefore how to treat him sat with him talked Maybe how and how Vladimir Vladimiro treated also didn’t sit didn’t talk not about times ahto while di while you’re sitting ra Ramzan Akhmatovich defends Russia and we all You’re asking me How do you feel I’m saying not at all I relate to them, I didn’t communicate with them personally, I can’t say what kind of people you were on How Ramza Akhma no, how much? Well, someone here works in factories, you know, someone has to make shells there and make airplanes. And you shells planes Yes you are releasing Yes, well, I am releasing something, something is wrong Yes, for some reason it’s just cool because our guys are from Chechnya Gourmet Khankala Yes Terrible esme Yes they are defending Russia Why aren’t you defending I explained to you and yes you are physically normal man You can carry this machine gun seven-fifth Yes I can do a lot of things I explained why I don’t protect I protect differently Who are you Who are you an engineer of some kind who are you an engineer Yes who are you by training an automation engineer and what you are automating you don’t want to protect the Motherland, just yes you look like a big defender Yes I was Yes I was in the Kursk region we are now back Yes I was in the Kursk region for a month now Gudermes has returned to recover the floor Well then you must understand You are fighting in your country machine gun in your hands Yes, grenades, drones, you’re not fighting with a stick and what And what do you have to do with it Well, I’m releasing some of this, you’re releasing to us, you’re giving us nothing Yes, Ramzan Ahma gave [laughter] to us Okay, you’re letting your provocations pass You’re also releasing drones Yes, and you’re releasing bullets that you’re a storyteller. I’m letting out, you’re sitting over there in front of the bottle. Yes, and you’re releasing gases here, you’re only letting out gases. Yes, I say you’re releasing gases, and that’s your military ID. say where the keys are, tell me about It’s just that you went to the military registration and enlistment office this year or last No, you didn’t go if you, you’ve already got it, if you work at a factory and the factory submits lists Yes, and people Yes should come and go through it once ut the first part of your statement is correct the second one is not Well, tell me what’s wrong with you, well, they submitted the lists and that’s it, why should I twitch? They submitted me. When was the last time you were in Inkom o A long time ago A long time ago What is your university? What’s the time for you to tell me what kind of military registration you don’t have? If you have a military ID, you must have a military registration specialty I am a machine gunner by trade And who are you I am a driver driver Yes, well, there is a driver, what doesn’t it write there, just a driver, just write a driver, a driver Yes, that’s simple and that’s it Wow You have written You even without specialization, there was a driver like a mechanic, a driver, yes, like, there is no such thing. Yes, no, maybe you have some kind of health problem, some kind of disability, maybe you did something. Well, maybe with your head. Yes, maybe. There are such ners. People understand, maybe yes, some- then there are problems with your head, you want to mow it down stupidly from the army No, why not mow it down Well, someone is good and your father is your brother, at least one of your relatives went to hell, my father is already old, a long time ago, my brother is mine too not on and not brothers I have on there is a native there second cousins ​​that’s where they come from from planet Earth Well, what do you need this information from Tatarstan from Moscow from where And from different us scattered around Russia some there others here on s there’s just something that Moscow doesn’t want where did I run while I smell my forehead? Dude, in short, rushed like, what are you from, brother, well, you’re like, that’s not like, this is the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria, brother, where are you from, yes I served there, I have brothers in Vorkuta, they are now living, they’re not sitting, they’re sitting, why are you sitting? you’re rude if a Chechen means he’s sitting Well, he just asked me myself I myself don’t wait, you immediately said they’re sitting if Why are you Russians If you see a Chechen it means a bandit is sitting Well, yes, there is such a thing, well, there is such a thing I don’t know Well, there is such a thing, where is this from? Listen, I myself 2000 2000 turns out in the third year I was in Grozny where exactly was I on Minu Square on Minute Square was yes yes in the center where there was a furniture factory on Minu Square I was on Minu Square I’m asking you were on Minu Square I wasn’t in Grozny If you haven’t was on the square for a minute This is the central square, it’s threatening, why do you say that Our brother sits right away yes he sits right away yes Why don’t you respect us ty nome BT below you talk to us like that Let me finish my thoughts number Let me give me a number give me a number from Vorkuta Ikar will drive up talk Brother why are you talking about us Chechens like that I'll take a picture of you now Let them find you So give me the number no VS alaikum Beautiful I'm from Gudermes Chechen Republic You're from And I'm from the republic what the heck And you're from Akhmat what kind of strength hma what don't you respect Ramzan Akhmatovich Kadyrov who Come on Turn here Tell me Who comes from our people to buy tell me I’ll tell you Akhmat Al Come on tell me who buys prisoners Akhmat power buys prisoners Who told you this is giving it back Close Hey, we are Chechens fighting for Russia And your Russian husbands sitting under the houses hiding under your skirts, scream, shout Lata only to yourself. What kind of power is that raging there? Russia power. Tell me that Kadyrov Yes, Akhmat holds the entire front; the Russians are hiding in holes; Russia also knows how to hold its front; Chechnya is Russia. If only not Kadyrov Yes, where is this husband hiding? Yes, he’s hiding at home, he’s actually not hiding, but in the same place where you were. Where I was in the Kursk region, I didn’t see your husband there, there were no Russians there, damn it, let me, I’ll talk to her, yes, or she Don’t lie, let her answer for her words. Wait, that’s not true. Well, how would Rakhmat understand, damn it Akhmat Akhmat I don’t know what to say correctly, so Russia they are always together, here I have a guy, for example, there he is today on the front line for a day already on the base I won’t say I won’t say we don’t, so he can be holed up somewhere in the Donetsk region somewhere where there is no war not [music] No tiktok says What kind of guy is there Well, show me What kind of guy That guy is not at war and give it here brother, not him Yes, he is about 15 years old, yes, 15 years old, just some kind of overgrown sit and tell me, let her tell me, I will tell you how much I was captured, I know I saw such people in general, closer, I don’t have a lot of Chechen friends, I’m like, I would be No to me I don’t like a beard I even say in Russia you won’t meet a Chechen without a beard No I won’t deceive you now m No nothing no Where have you seen a Chechen without a beard They have beards But they are so cute beards like this Ponya What is your name What is your name such a cutie it doesn’t matter not to find out Oh Ta Come on, I want a woman, a man should address a woman by name And I don’t know what to say, call your name sister name name sister name You just called me sister, well, you’re from Rus' too That is, you respect me, I respect you, but this one is not I respect you I respect Zoya I respect Zoya for Calm down Well, show this one I’ll talk to her now Ana Zoya I’ll tell her now because she’s not the same for you how to shout Ahmed Ahmed and Ahmed Ahmed is not all Ahmed is not all Akhmet is ramn is Abdul is Abdula is I don’t have a lot of names, I have everything well, I have, in short, I have my own In short, guys, look if yours are your guys They sit out on the distant fronts they sit out on a third of the lines No No No you’re not doing anything right about you you Akhmat on the front line Akhmat on first line But like the husband of this one Who screams if he is even on the s he is sitting somewhere on the Third Line really let her say But she doesn’t have a husband So she said that her husband is on his own She deceived and she has a husband with him birthday, then she has a husband or doesn’t have a husband, I don’t know yet. You see, she’s just Russian because a woman shouldn’t use foul language, it’s a sin and the Almighty sees that I have a husband, you know what, to be honest, damn we are Well, we’re women you Russians I think you yourself understand that damn it, give us a machine gun, we’ll go there to the front line. And give your girls a machine gun. They don’t know what to do with them because we take care of our girls. Yes, in Chechnya, it’s your guys who are busy. And we take care of our men By the way, yes, Russian women also have a Give a machine gun and Yes no You said it wrong You said it wrong What’s wrong Give a woman a machine gun and she will follow her man to supply cartridges Why don’t you give cartridges now for what do I have no man, I’m not married So you have a husband, as you said, No, I know you, I know you very well, so you’re not married, that means you’re free. Yes, give me some measurements, we’ll talk, I’ll come over, you’ll come over, man, did you want to contact a Russian woman? maybe I’ll tie you up like that, I’ll tie you up like this at the sea junction Yes, I’ll tie you up hush ti ti ti ti I’m stopping all the trains I’m so afraid yes Give me the number That’s it I’m in I stopped all the trains I’m already scared of the number I’ll call and we can make an agreement there maybe But you don’t care ask me for a number to give someone something. Why are you afraid write down the address address write down let's take a pen Yes I'm writing yes here's a pen a pen I took a notebook I took Yes there is tell me I don't see a notebook you a notebook look there's a notebook let's write I'm writing exactly Let's write say any Let's write any any any and any I understand you any wrote down any you any any you eight okay let's go further behold brother will arrive salaam alaikum alaikum salam oh where sst I'm from Gudermes cardinal of Kabarda or Balkar who are you Kabardian Balkaria Well, you are Circassians or Kabardian Balkaria by nationality Balkars Kabardians Balkars Kabardino Balkars there are three on not even three and who are you? Who are you by nationality Russians Russians Russians Russians understood yes Muslims or not no well Muslims are those who specifically live in Bulgaria and in the Kabar Kabardian village and We have a Russian village but we live in this republic. Yes, how do you feel about Ramzan Akhmatovich Kadyrov, Akhmat’s son, Budulai’s grandson, great-grandson of Alabai? What can you say about him and about his father Akhmat, grandfather Budulai and We know about this a very good President and a good President and actions it’s excellent and Grozny and Chechnya are far away from us I know I know I was in Kabardino Balkaria passing through Nalchik I didn’t go out but we were going there there was Uh Dear man there was only one tension Ramzan Akhmatovich asked to come there to talk to people We arrived and explained that there’s no need to do that on the Internet talk about Ramzan Akhmatovich Yes, because you know his father Akhmat Kadyrov Yes, his grandfather Budulai Kadyrov and his great-grandfather Alabai Kadyrov, they were always for order and order in this Yes, but what what what have you heard about his grandfather Budulai and great-grandfather Alabai Honestly to say specifically about his pedigree, we don’t know much, but as a president he sympathizes with us Uh-huh, and why does he sympathize with you that you like a good president, he respects his country when raised respects makes people respect uh each other Well, it’s like he has complete discipline there like this makes people respect respect Well, it doesn’t force it doesn’t force it, it’s just that you there have respect for people for the people, but you in Kabardino Balkaria have no respect for people for the people Well, not all such people are good Well, how can I say 50 out of 5050 Everywhere there are their own And what’s in the way? what prevents you from respecting each other, respecting each other and We respect each other So what then does Ramzan force you to respect, he doesn’t force him? I repeat once again, you have good discipline there, but you don’t have discipline, by the way, what’s the girl’s name in the back, how and why is everyone interested in this girl, yes, because you’re a little bit young already, I took her [laughs] yes, because I’m old. By the way, I’m saying that you won’t turn it. How old is the girl? 15 Oh no, not yet. Small. Turn the camera on yourself. In 3 years, we’ll talk to her. It’s not her you can’t steal, we Ramzan Kadyrovich will force you to respect her type and she will want it that way herself Well, you don’t have to worry about us We definitely won’t steal no thanks no need I’ve already been stolen don’t Let Yes I was already stolen at one time and not everyone is wise in the world Yes and what are you looking for in chat roulette? Why, without your husband? Why, without your husbands, go out to chat roulette and talk to other men? It’s as if it’s normal for us, we don’t just communicate with men, we communicate with women Kabardian Balkaria - This is the Caucasus in the Caucasus, I don’t remember that women could communicate with other people’s men Well, you have different nations there, Russia Russians and Kabardians and wrestlers let’s start Let’s start with the fact that we are Russian We are Russians live in Kabardino Balkari Yeah we live according to Russian customs but you don’t look like Russians you are darkish you are Caucasian you are not Russians My mother is Kabardian Yes, let’s start with that And let’s start with that So yes My mother lived in Kabardina with a Russian on my father’s side I’m considered Russian Yes, well, on my mother’s side You’re a Caucasian Kabardinka, everything is Circassian, well on my mother’s side Yes, I don’t argue, blood flows And Blood is not water Yes, then we live in a Russian village and here Russians have in common with whom they feel comfortable communicating. say that you can take another man by the hand Yes, no, why should I take the hand? I have my own man. Well, why if you have your own man? Why are you now talking to other men at roulette, but I don’t talk about bad topics? What topics? let’s say we call Ukrainian and sew it up, and that is, you’re still talking to the enemy Yes, without talking to the enemy Well, you talk to them and tell them what’s going on here. Why are we raising prices? Why No? I ask them for their opinion, why do they treat Russia So what do they say they say that we are a lie, an enemy of the people I wonder why they say that And this is theirs We must ask why it says Ukraine where it says you are from Ukraine it’s worth a VPN Well yes why did I install a VPN when we were in the Kursk region Yes, we installed a Ukrainian VPN because we went into the Sumy region, we needed coordinates on the phone so that they could catch the Ukrainian ones. I’m from the Akhmat unit. We were in the Kursk region. It’s next to Ukraine, Sumy region, and we install a special VPN on our phones. so that we are not caught by Ukrainian direction finders that we are from Russia When we are close to the borders everything is clear so it shows like this Yes everything is clear Because if they have if you put that you have Russia Yes they somehow see on the map where the Russian phones are and pings pings so everything is clear well clear Ana Gudermes I come from there myself live in Grozny So what's your beauty name and Zalina Zalina Zalina I'm telling you 3 years I'll come for you now bye Go away Don't make me sin I don't want Fifteen year old to come this is to get Ramzan Ramzan Akhmatovich does not approve of this 15 years you can’t steal like this that’s why Take it Take it for Lina so that I don’t steal this I don’t sin Yes Zalina Hide oh and this second one too Take it so I don’t accidentally steal it like this that I should steal from me so that the devil doesn’t accidentally confuse the shaitan so that I don’t steal you oh that Tanya, take away the name Tanya Let me talk to you You’re beautiful even though you’re old, but beautiful take Tanya out of the frame [laughter] please Tanya got burnt everything’s clear pings So Well what are we going next write on my Instagram I don’t know why is it for what is there to marvel at the ocey my face Ale for you it’s two or three clicks Ale you trime me and I’ll be Wow in me there A bunch of fouls and in me I’ll be cool mood schob robiti Novi cool video Write to th instag popk Andriy like this, let me check for you N